Business card + BONDing
A business card is more than common in professional settings. No matter who you are -- executive members of a corporate, CEO of a startup, 
owner of an SME, founders of a charity, leaders of a student association, a well-designed business card leave your potential partners a 
great image of your organisation. But after a long day of conferences, random mingling and unexpected encounters, you will get a whole 
bunch of business cards in your pocket. The other day you head back to your office, you lose the cards, lose the memory and lose the 
connections. Why not switch to an electronic version of business contact? 

Personal BOND Cards
Freelancers and small ownerships can create their own business card by filling in basic information and uploading/choosing their 
favourite design representative of themselves. You can choose from a range of fonts and tones to make your simple but professional 
e-business cards.

Corporate BOND Cards
Corporates, SMEs, startups, charity, institutions and student associations can create a whole system of business cards at very 
low costs. The flexible system accommodates organisations of various structures from hierarchical and dimensional to project-based 
and MNCs. Personnel at different positions would have their dedicated cards which can be updated frequently. Companies can create 
their own designs that best show their vision and mission.

BONDing
The iconic function is BONDing. When representatives of two companies meet, simply open the app and hold your phones 
together - BOND! - you now have securely exchanged contacts through NFC, QR code or hyperlink. More importantly, you 
can set “Events” beforehand so that contacts will be automatically grouped together. Turn on “Location” to mark where 
you bonded someone. You can also jot down simple remarks so that you won’t forget about him/her. 

After a long day of networking, you can sort and filter your new contacts based on different criteria, such as time added, 
category, location, etc.. Then you can start conversation and collaboration with the BONDex function. 
